AnkeStow: Technical workshop plates in the in the stages of discovery. Uh, the template for CRM project origination? And we were looking at involving at the document management system or DMS, and we needed your team to help get some critical like technical data so that we can integrate smoothly. And so that is what today's session will be focused on. Let me just share my screen with the the gender. Here we go. So we will begin with some opening and introductions. And so that would be just for all of us just to get to know each other better because we've got a few new team members in here that haven't been to all the previous workshops and we'll then have a brief review of our existing technical diagram just to give you an overview of how we're building what we'll be building. And then we'll get into the questions we've got around the API for DMS and hopefully get some useful information that we'll be able to use to to really document the requirements around the the DMS integration, and we'll hopefully have a little bit of time at the end left for next actions. This might be more like 10 minutes and this might be more like 30 minutes, but we'll see how we go right? Umm, so I'm going to go to the participants slide and we haven't got absolutely everybody here with us today from from our team side, from from Microsoft. We've got myself in. Pavel, representing the team, we've got a a lot of team members that are on leave, as you know, it's that time of the year, but probably and I will definitely be the the key players in making sure that the technical specifications give notes to down. And also while we're recording the meeting, so if our colleagues need to review it later, then we will. So I'll quickly hand over to provel for an introduction to those in the RWT RWE team that have not met him before. And then we'll do introductions of the new members from the RWE team as well.
PawelWielowski: Thank you, uncle. You're so my name is Pavel Wielowski base in Poland. Solution architect within the industry solution delivery team within the Microsoft. Uh. Within that we say technology at Microsoft have experienced more than 15 years at already. I'm supporting this initiative within the WWE starting from Australia region and now it is the one of the additional stream which we are starting which is the origination and I will be supporting the Team Minister from the point of the context of umbrella. Thank you. So how that solution and the connected connected technologies will be working within the within the planet? No planet, and let me say a solution to be built related with origination we which will be linked with the Dynamics 365 project operation. Yeah, and come back to you.
AnkeStow: Cool. Thanks, Pablo. And then just to quickly introduce myself, I'm uncle Stow. I'm the delivery architect on this project and I think my main role is to support Pavel as well as the consultants that would be doing some of the actual delivery of of the items once we start building it. Eventually, for now, we are sort of pre solution modeling phase so so that's what we're focusing on at the moment is gathering your requirements, figuring out the priorities and and eventually playing that back to you in a few weeks time. And I'm based in South Africa and I've got about 10 years experience in Dynamics 365. And so that is me. And then from RWE team, I'm gonna skip over cost and Marcus and Andreas and cause I think you all know the other people on this call is that accurate cool and then I'll start with your. Would you please introduce yourself?
RichnowJörg: Yeah. And your Vishnu I'm best in Germany working for Arabic since a couple of years already, and now I'm together with team over the solution managers for our document management system called Cosmos. Yeah. And that's me.